Version 0.6.2
=============

    Bugfix commit.  These were bugs that showed up when testing
    ZR using the New Forest route.

1.  Textures

    Some texture files have alpha arrays or mask arrays which
    are all zero.  In these cases ZR now follows Openrails and
    now ignores the alpha and mask fields.

2.  Matrix 0

    By convention shape files contain a set of matrices which
    are used to move a sub-object to its final position.  The
    first of these, which acts on the whole structure, is
    usually a unit matrix.  However in some shape files this
    is not true.  In these cases, ZR now follows OpenRails
    and always assumes that matrix 0 is a unit matrix and that
    any original offset or rotation is now part of the matrix
    used to position the shape in the scenery.

3.  Non-breaking spaces

    These are now treated as white space.

4.  Signal Scripts

    The script routines now handle additional script functions
    and operators.

5.  Removal of Quotes

    The names of consists, platforms and sidings now have
    quotes stripped from the names.

6.  Alias directory

    The alias directory is now correctly interpreted as
    relative to the current route directory.

7.  Camera position

    The camera movement code has been changed so that
    short vertical movements (Alt-Page Up/Down) are now
    in increments of 25cm.

    When shapes positions are displayed (Alt-n), the lookat
    point now has a red 3-D cross.  Each of the six arms has
    a length of 1 m.

8.  Turntables

    Variables are now initialised correctly.

9.  Signals

    The code no longer assumes that every head in a signal is
    displayed.

    The track item position code has been corrected.

10.  Switches/Points

    The code has been corrected such that the left hand branch
    is now (correctly) assumed to be the the first of the two
    outgoing branches in the track description file.

11. Default Wagon and Consist directory

    At present the ZR code loads all the information about the wagons
    and consists found in the top level TRAINS, even if they are
    not needed.

    To speed processing, the program now searches for directories
    TRAINSETS_IN_USE and CONSISTS_IN_USE.  If found they are used
    instead of the main directories, which can be very large.

12. ctn_point_indication

    This shape from the zig-zag route is now displayed.  Previously
    it was always skipped.

13. Character codes

    Originally MSTS used the UTF-16 (two byte) format for
    text characters in all files except "sigscr.data" which
    used UTF-8.  (Actually they probably used ASCII but as
    only the first 128 symbols were used this corresponds
    to the same set of UTF-8 codes).  UTF-8 is now regularly
    used in many of the other files used to specify both
    wagons and routes.

    ZR now correctly converts UTF-16 to UTF-8, for use with
    modern linux software.

14. The commit includes some files added while developing
    a capability to handle sound.
